App Configurations Intro (#1452)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/105-vue/content/100-fundamental-topics/105-app-configurations.md

> # App configurations
> 
> ## app.config
> 
> Every application instance exposes a `config` object that contains the configuration settings for that application. You can modify its properties before mounting your application.
> 
> For more information about configuration options see [app.config section](https://vuejs.org/api/application.html#app-config) on the [Application API documentation](https://vuejs.org/api/application.html) page.

Reviewer: Thank you for your contribution. Please follow the format [listed in this issue.](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap/issues/985)
```suggestion
# App Configurations

Every application instance exposes a `config` object that contains the configuration settings for that application. You can modify its properties (documented below) before mounting your application.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Documentation' href='https://vuejs.org/api/application.html#app-config'>Official Documentation</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official API Documentation' href='https://vuejs.org/api/application.html'>official API Documentation</BadgeLink>
```
